Meleager booty be joking
[Music]
think about the word unconventional
think about difficulty Co the
long-legged beauty no doubt heavy town
key most glamorous sensuous or
sensational heroine mistake or depakote
easy home practical for grass no Tara
mari Katie October issue name or is
photoshoot Kelly up the unconventional
posterity guitarra he they began a
donkey our egg unconventional bright car
look
[Music]
depakote easy loco detail me Johnny
cliche wadcutter hey Mari clerk at the
my hamari not so Bridal
right a first-look say well yeah ha d
gorgeous name is looking absolutely
stunning in a shimmery black ruffle
jacket paired with a frilly white bottom
giving a retro feel to reload or easily
Ivana hey Mary Claire is a Sukkah cover
page well the second look here is a lot
more chick and young making a total
contrast from the previous one
yeah the become alluring make embellish
embroider blue dress me which portrays
an image of a total bindus and carefree
bride I think that is a concept you know
normally I think when one does Bridal
it's all you know ethereal and beautiful
and waiting for her you know prince
charming to arrive but I think you're
she's she's more carefree she's spirited
and raring to go
moving on to the cast heard of tar as a
bride here's what she had to offer glam
ball gown with boots and vikas gloves
[Music]
and now the final and last look of the
Scorch is bright when mary claire has
tried to bring a bit of indian s to her
look by pairing a black netted top with
an Indian ice water
will you hovered there because the green
hickety colorful but chubbin sakuya
aunty favorite color tawny body me this
is what the sexy Dame answered I think
pastel shades look good on me and
whether it's cream so you know peaches
baby Pink's those are the kind of shades
that I like wearing we I said the pikake
appeal dake de hue it would not be an
opting to ask why she for the cover of
my player because we are not doing an
entirely conventional of writing that
you would usually see and I think wow
because as a as a person is able to take
this look and is able to give it that
edginess that we would like I mean we
have a bridal outfit that is otherwise
teamed with boots and biker gloves so
typical suits that very well no wonder
the pickoff need sorry bride looks male
agree Hector avi bold and beautiful
some people shoot in Iran in key energy
or in-game must've her mood political
actor hey that this gorgeous actress
Shirley knows how to play with the
camera when it comes to portraying team
based looks Salma Khan zoom Mumbai